gh-126341: added release check to iteration method of memoryview object (#126759)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2024-11-12-19-24-00.gh-issue-126341.5SdAe1.rst

> Fixed :class:`SystemError` when trying to iterate over a released :class:`memoryview` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now :exc:`ValueError` is raised instead of :exc:`SystemError` when trying to iterate over a released :class:`memoryview` object.
```

> Added a check to require that a memoryview object is not released before iterating through it. Previously, iterating through a memoryview object caused a SystemError.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed :class:`SystemError` when trying to iterate over a released :class:`memoryview` object.
```
